h1. eDriven.Gui

h1. "Unity3d":http://unity3d.com/ GUI framework.

h2. Author: Danko Kozar

h2. Concept

* eDriven.Gui is a powerful GUI framework for Unity3d.
* You could use eDriven.Gui to build a wide range of apps, from games to business applications.
* Some parts of the framework are ported from Apache Flex.

h2. Features:

* Built on top of eDriven.Core
* Retained mode GUI
* Display list (composite pattern)
* Component lifecycle
* Invalidation-validation mechanism
* Implements OOP concepts
* Event-driven (DOM Level 3 events)
* Event bubbling
* Signals and slots
* Skinnable
* Layout engine
* Plugin architecture
* Internal tweening engine
* Dialogs and alerts
* Firebug-like inspector
* Cursor management
* Focus management
* Tab management
* Tooltips
* Components as C# classes
* DLL component distribution

h2. Usage

1. Download the repository to your Windows PC

2. Open the solution file in Visual Studio (VS2012 or later)

   * The proper solution file to open is "UnityVS.Unity.sln":https://github.com/dkozar/edriven-gui/blob/master/eDriven.Playground/Unity/UnityVS.Unity.sln
   * The location of the file is due to UnityVS not being able to work differently at a time

3. Ctrl + Shift + B should build the solution
   * the build process should copy all the relevant .DLLs into the "Libs":https://github.com/dkozar/edriven-gui/tree/master/eDriven.Playground/Unity/Assets/eDriven/Libs folder

4. Open any Unity "Demo":https://github.com/dkozar/edriven-gui/tree/master/eDriven.Playground/Unity/Assets/eDriven/Demo/Gui/Code and run it

h2. Debugging

You could install "Visual Studio Tools for Unity":https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/7ab11d2a-f413-4ed6-b3de-ff1d05157714 (ex "UnityVS":http://unityvs.com/) for being able to set breakpoints in your code.

h2. Resources

* "eDriven.Gui site":http://edrivengui.com/
* "eDriven Forum":http://forum.edrivengui.com/
* "eDriven Programming Manual":http://edriven.dankokozar.com/manual/eDriven_Manual_2-0.pdf
* "eDriven API":http://edriven.dankokozar.com/api/2-0/
* "Unity AssetStore":https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/3796 - Download and install the compiled package 
* "Videos":http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7EE340828F962941
* "Demo site":http://edrivenunity.com/ (requires Unity web player)
* "Unity Forum Q&A thread":http://forum.unity3d.com/threads/148424-eDriven-Q-amp-A
* "Author's homepage":http://dankokozar.com
* "I'm @DankoKozar on Twitter":https://twitter.com/DankoKozar.
